[bitami/schema-registry] Integrated Schema Registry documentation with instructions for SSL setup (#54308)
bitnami/containers: bitnami/schema-registry/README.md

Please check the configuration settings for the Kakfa service in the [Zookeeper's README file](https://github.com/bitnami/containers/tree/main/bitnami/zookeeper#configuration).

> ## Security

Reviewer: In other READMEs, the security section is typically nested within the `Configuration` section. Do you find it appropriate to maintain this structure?
```suggestion
### Security
```

Author: Sure, if it is consistent with the rest of the documentation then it makes perfect sense

> The Schema Registry container can be setup to serve clients securely via TLS. To do so, specify the listener protocol as **https** in the `SCHEMA_REGISTRY_LISTENERS` environment variable (ex. SCHEMA_REGISTRY_LISTENERS=`http://0.0.0.0:8081`,`https://0.0.0.0:8082`).
> The keystore and trustore **must** be mounted in the `/opt/bitnami/schema-registry/certs` directory as `ssl.keystore.jks` and `ssl.truststore.jks` respectively. Only jks formats are currently supported and please note that the environment variables `SCHEMA_REGISTRY_SSL_KEYSTORE_LOCATION` or `SCHEMA_REGISTRY_SSL_TRUSTSTORE_LOCATION` **will not override the expected location or file names**, so please follow the instructions provided or you will get this error at startup: *ERROR ==> In order to configure HTTPS access, you must mount your ssl.keystore.jks (and optionally the ssl.truststore.jks) to the /opt/bitnami/schema-registry/certs directory*.

Reviewer: Please regard the following suggestions as just that—suggestions, to improve the text readability.

```suggestion
The Schema Registry container can be setup to serve clients securely via TLS. To do so, specify the listener protocol as **https** in the `SCHEMA_REGISTRY_LISTENERS` environment variable (e.g. SCHEMA_REGISTRY_LISTENERS=`http://0.0.0.0:8081`,`https://0.0.0.0:8082`).

The keystore and trustore **must** be mounted in the `/opt/bitnami/schema-registry/certs` directory as `ssl.keystore.jks` and `ssl.truststore.jks` respectively. Currently, only JKS formats are supported. Note that the environment variables `SCHEMA_REGISTRY_SSL_KEYSTORE_LOCATION` or `SCHEMA_REGISTRY_SSL_TRUSTSTORE_LOCATION` **will not** override the expected location or file names. Please follow the instructions provided or you will get this error at startup: 
```

Perhaps you could reference the issue that triggered the error instead of displaying the error message itself, does it make sense to you?

Author: Agreed, looks cleaner. 

As for reporting the error in the documentation I would keep it personally. It doesn't take too much space and it is a straightforward debugging tool

> Here is a docker-compose.yaml example that exposes a TLS listener on port 8082

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a `docker-compose.yml` example that exposes a TLS listener on port `8082`:
```
